Jk/cumulus 3148 (#3232)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixed

> - **CUMULUS-3148**
>   - Update IngestGranuleSuccessSpec as test was dependant on file ordering and
>     PG 11 upgrade exposed dependency on DB results in the API return
>   - Update unit test container to utilize postgres 11.13 container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **CUMULUS-3148**
  - Update IngestGranuleSuccessSpec as test was dependant on file ordering and
    PostgreSQL 11 upgrade exposed dependency on database results in the API return
  - Update unit test container to utilize PostgreSQL 11.13 container
```
